a can y el estado la competición el
estaba che ho ta Ala competition
this window broken some right it means i
think we are hoping their pet
photography says Graham IDC who has one
focused Erica volcanic rocks are gonna
be okay
I would be a 50 years old when I'll be
fighting at 49 Oh mango and it will be
the first time in the history I believe
that a coal movie star which I'm a
normal guy is going to go into the rain
to maybe represent a validity from those
action star in Hollywood I did my rock
and roll type of life I fell down rut
rut button and I've got that spot
following me about Van Dam is drinking
random is doing cocaine and amis doing
all that shit so I'm I'm branch for life
and the only way also to convince people
and and also to forgive myself to almost
children with their toasters cold glass
or the key boxer and their father
telling them that you know he's a great
guy you should train liked him and
everything and then I fuck up my life so
I want to go back in that ring and to
prove those children that they'll fight
in my heart and it will be a bread fight
and that's it thank you so much